Update license year to 2024 (#2344)
trento-project/web: README.md

# License

Copyright 2021-2024 SUSE LLC

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use

> this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the

Reviewer: since we're touching it, this is something I ought to do everywhere else:
```suggestion
this code repository except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
```
